In the final version of my soundscape, "Quarantine Classes", I take the listener through the experience of going to college during a global pandemic. The soundscape follows a  narrator attending an online class and the various sounds that accompany school at home. In the beginning I have specific noises to set the scene where the soundscape is taking place. One thing I wanted to make sure to do was to gather enough sounds in the beginning to ensure that the listener could picture the setting accurately in their mind. Some of these sounds include a door opening and closing, footsteps, sitting down in a chair, opening a laptop, and clicking ang typing on a laptop. I also introduce the narrator early in the soundscape and include an exclamationabout class starting to help further set the scene of a zoom class. One thing I have struggled with was the relative sounds of each track in compared to each other. I questioned how loud each sounds should be to make it the most realistic in special relation to the narrator. Using the fade in/out effects, envelope tool, noise reduction tool, and left/righ panning I attempted to make the environment feel 360 and realistic. After I set the scene, I enter into a portion of the soundscape during the zoom lecture. There constant noise in the background for the majority of the soundscape of a lecture recording. Then, I have layered in serveral quick/jump sounds that the narrator reacts to. THe narrator then makes a comment in her head, which is portrayed using an echo effect for inner thoughts. Some of the sounds include a car passing and dog barking. For my soundscape ending, I chose to have the narrator make a comment out loud, which does not have the echo effect to distinguish it from the previous inner thoughts. After this comment, the narrator becomes embarrased and abruptly leaves the zoom. For the narration and some other school sounds, I recorded myself directly on Audacity using headphone microphones. For the other sounds, I fairly sourced from Freesound and gave appropriate credit in the updated ASSETS.md file.
